*Do you try to take courses with your friends where possible?*
> Not necessarily.
I'm in a couple courses with like in my same program, like I'm studying the bachelor of advanced business.
So I have a friend who's also studying that and will sometimes marry up with the same course, but not necessarily purely based on that.

*So is this a significant factor when you're choosing your courses? Or, would you say it's something that you try to do after selecting?*
> After selecting, it's not really a significant factor, because so many of my friends are doing different, completely different programs and are different faculties.
However, after selecting and looking at the timetable and deciding whether when I want to participate in the lectures, tutorials, workshops, etcera, I would try and marry it up with some of my friends, some of my closer friends, to have some free time between or around my classes
so we're both free at that time specific time.

*So it's not just the course that you're doing in the applied class times, it's also after class that matters.*
> Yes.
Before and after class.
So because we're not studying the exact same thing, we wouldn't normally, for most of my friends, we wouldn't normally have the same class or similar classes.
For example, I'd be studying accounting and one of my other friends would be doing a biology class because they're in a different faculty.
But, before, we'd tend to hang out before or end after class heading into the night sometimes on the occasion.

*Did you know that SI net has a built-in way to share timetables?*
> No, I didn't.
That's a very interesting feature that I did not know. Existed.

*Just to be information, if you press timetable, the three dots and then connections, you can type their student number and they can accept it.*
> Cool.
I'll definitely consider that.

*Do you think it would be more beneficial if there was a way you could better collaborate prior to selecting courses?
Or do you already confer with friends prior to selecting courses?*
> I don't necessarily confer with friends.
However, I do confer with an academic advisor due to me being on a pathway into another program .
So and I would confer with an academic advisor in regards to like the credits towards other programs at UQ and the difficulty level of the courses I'm selecting prior to enrolling in them.

*So difficulty being determined or gained from student opinions or the advisor's opinions or a combination?*
> Mostly a combination.
The advisor would obviously, they gain, judge their difficulty of the year level the course is.
So for a first year course, that's an introductory course, they would presume it would be easier than a fourth year advanced course .
That's where their insight would come in.
But I'd confer with friends and fellow peers and other students who have already completed that course or are currently enrolled in that course or recently enrolled in that course.
The difficulty in how they felt they achieved in that program and how much like time and energy and efforts did they take to get the certain grade they got at the end

*Would you like to see a system where previous participants of a course can leave a note or like a summary of the course for your benefit?*
> Yes, I think that would be beneficial for myself and many of my peers, considering that for students potentially wanting to take an easier course to boost their grade point average and not aware of their options would definitely benefit from a system like that.

*Yeah, so you think you would read short opinions of courseses you were thinking of taking from past students if such a system was in place?*
> Yes, I definitely would.
I think I definitely would if I had access to such a system.

*Would you like a system similar to ED-stem prior to choosing courses so as to understand what actually happens in a course before you take it?*
> Yes, I think that would be beneficial, especially with, again, choosing the course and shaping our learning, and what we want to learn as well.
If we had some insight more than the goals of the course that we would find on, in the general overview of the course, we would find on a course profile.

Yeah, good.

So if such a system exists existed, do you think you would participate in it to aid other students?

I think if of course motivated me enough to give an opinion, I would definitely participate.

And if if this system were and be made compulsory, such as a currency system in place now where we have to give feedback, if some of that feedback could be made public for students, I think, would aid them in the decision making before enrolling.

Yeah, interesting.

So if such a separate system to the official current existed, would you prefer staff to be present or would you prefer this to be not moderated by UQ?

I think it that if it would be moderated, such a system would be moderated, then it potentially would have a bias towards their comment, if they were filtered.

However, if they weren't motivated, then you would gain access to a variety of opinions and insights into the course, which would be beneficial to provide variability before you make a judgment because everybody's experience is different.

And if it were staff moderated , potentially, there are some room, there's room for bias and manipulation of such data.

Yes, that's exactly what I. Changing tax, have you chosen your major or minor?

I. For the moment, I am on a pathway to transfer from the Bachelor of Advanced Business with honors to the Bachelor of Advanced Finance and Econom.
