### Interview 1
*Interview can be found [here](https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7560_62502/Shared%20Documents/Mon_9am_Team_10/patrick-elgey-audio-recordings/Iteration_3/1_3.mp3?csf=1&web=1&e=tGNrd1).*

Site-testing banter:
> Alright, so... Oh my gosh, so it's got all the semesters here. If I can... I can place a course? First thing, you'll need to make this a bit big, but you need to select a course first. Oh, okay. Currently we only have computer science. That's okay. It's hard to get data. Is there a major? Is there a specific major that's... They're all functional. Okay. I'll do science because I've never done this before. And then it shows me all of the courses here. Yeah. Oh, that's really neat. So you click a course, then you click the... Oh, OK, awesome. Yeah. And then it shows pre-reqs here. So, like, if I were to put this here, does it not work? OK, that's OK. Oh, because it's semester two. Oh, yeah. And then it has like the warning thing if it P-Rex. Okay, that's awesome. Um... And then... You just keep placing... Oh, it has here information on the side. Yep. And then... That's really... Yeah. That's very helpful. We haven't done that yet. That's okay. Yeah. So then it has... So... Well... detailed information about semesters, lyrics, incompatibilities with other courses, and then the credits. I'm just going to put Chinese. But like, that's really neat. Yep. It has your photos, it has... And then, so you've got your... So you've got the core courses as well, the breadth courses. Computer science has no minors, so you get a general elective. That's quite... I don't know what that means. Yeah, I know. That's really interesting. Am I allowed to comment about that? Go. Yeah. Yeah, just maybe make this a part of the video. Absolutely. But I'm guessing you can say multiple different plans. Yeah, I... Can I see what you're thinking? Yeah. Ooh. Damn, that's a lot of courses. But it's shown in a very clear way, which is very similar to the Excel that people usually do. So that helps a lot. Is there anything that could be clearer? I'm guessing... Just link to the ECB. Yeah, it's perfect. That is very good. Um, clarity wise, I think it's pretty intuitive after you just play around with it, as most things are. But, yeah, I feel like, just a little bit bigger for some of these things. And, yeah, I think that's pretty neat.

Patrick: *Do you believe our solution is more effective than the current solution?*

> Most definitely, yes. Everything is in one place, which is a major advantage to this. I also like how clear it has, where it's like, yes, I've got all the prereqs, or no, I need to do more courses to have all the prereqs passed. And I think I think it's really nice.

Patrick: *We are planning to have an indicator on the thing, like if you have the core course, we're planning to have a more visual indicator where it counts towards your core courses, your major courses or electives or whatnot.*

> That would be quite helpful.

Patrick: *Do you prefer the system of the singular tab course selections?*

> Yes, I feel like it's quite nice. It allows you to see everything. And I guess it can help a lot. I don't have anything to say about it that's bad. I really like it. It's soon going to, once the course is in there, it's not going to show up in the list anymore.

Patrick: *Yeah, so you prefer having the whole thing in one tab instead of having to do multiple?*

> Yes, I believe it's very nice and clear. It's got all the links that I would want to check and it has all the prerequisite information that I did have to do, like I had to do a bit of digging for originally with the current system, so I'm quite happy about this as a new concept.

Patrick: *Yeah, do you think it... makes it easier to find all the prerequisites for things?*

> Most definitely. I think that's my favourite part of the learning, because there was so much digging with the current system. Yeah.

Patrick: *So if this were to be implemented for your course, Would it reduce the amount of time you spend on choosing stuff?*

> Most definitely, yes. Because everything's all in one spot, which is a huge plus, a huge advantage. And then it also tells me what majors I can do as well. So if I need to change it for some reason, that helps with all the trajectory as well.

Patrick: *What saves you the most time?*

> I feel like having the prerequisite information if it's like if I've completed it or not is the most amazing thing. And then I also like how everything is in, so we've got all the core courses here, we've got all the major courses here that you need to do and then everything's like nicely organised so I don't have to go digging further. and see, like, if with all of the course plans that are out, like, I don't have to check on them in a way, because everything's pretty sorted already for me, which is nice.

Patrick: *What's the information on what semesters are available intuitive to you?*

> Yes, I feel like A colour-coding scheme might be good. But, I understand.

Patrick: *We'll make this text while it's not being covered. Yeah, we can colour-code.*

> That would be nice.

Patrick: *Planning on doing some more of that.*

> Yeah, no, it's quite good how it is structured. Yeah, I don't have any thoughts on that really. Unfortunately. Yeah.

Patrick: *Do you think there's anything that we could do better?*

> Um... I think... Well, it's got... You know, I'm pretty... I'm pretty happy with this. I would have to have a bit more of a think, but... No... No major feedback points to come into mind, but we're very happy with it.

Patrick: *Currently, what we're working on is trying to figure out how to put in the UIs, having a filter. Search for a course there. We're trying to be implementing that, which isn't functional at the moment. But you can type in the search box. But yeah, so that'll be filtering. very clearly what semester, like filter by semester.*

> Okay, that is quite helpful, yeah. Yeah.

Patrick: *Is there any, can you think of a more better way to put it in the UI?*

> Um, I feel like, okay, search bar is really good here, I didn't realise it was functional, sorry. And then, I think You could have like a filter tab pop out, but that would be kind of shifting everything around. Just being like, you know how in like the shopping websites where it has like, you can tick this, like for materials and colors and things, like that might be good for some like semesters. And then you could maybe implement that here. Yeah. So maybe just a bar under this? Yeah, actually that would be a good space here to do it actually.

Patrick: *Is there anything that the current method you use does better?*

> Well, my current method is quite chaotic, so I feel like And this just kind of simplifies everything for me. And I think the main thing would be, does it have contact information for courses? I know it will change every semester, but if there is a way to have that here, if I had any questions or anything like that, that would be kind of intuitive. That was a bit of feedback, I'm sorry I didn't answer that question fully. I think my current method is kind of, you've just simplified it pretty much into one place, which is quite nice. So I don't have any complaints on that.