### Interview 2
*Interview can be found [here](https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7560_62502/Shared%20Documents/Mon_9am_Team_10/patrick-elgey-audio-recordings/Iteration_3/2_3.mp3?csf=1&web=1&e=46yQk5).*

Patrick: *Do you believe our solution is more effective than the current solution?*

> Yes, definitely. Because it actually gives you a place to have it all sorted. You can just easily get it all mapped out and that's much better because I just use an Excel worksheet for mine.

Patrick: *Do you prefer the system of having the courses separated up into these tabs? Or would you rather them just all be laid out?*

> Definitely separate it out just so you can see. I also like how it's got all the requirements for them. When you select a course, it shows you... Yeah, that's very good. And if you need more information, that's linked to the UQ side of it. That's essentially all the information I think you would need. if you want anything else inside, so that's good. I like how it's all broken up so you can choose.

Patrick: *Is being able to do all of this in one tab more effective than having to open a bunch?*

> Definitely. And time efficient, yeah. Because when I was doing my Excel worksheet for the next two years, I've got planned out. I just had tabs. You couldn't even see the X.

Patrick: *Do you see any benefit in how you used to do it?*

> I guess. I don't know, it would depend on... I'd have to play around with this more on my own, but it's like... I like at least having the way I did before with a spreadsheet. I can just open it easily every time and it's just got all my stuff in it. And I don't know how much this saves for anything. Does it save it to your account?

Patrick: *This just saves to your browser via cookies, because we're not allowed to do account stuff. So, would you say that this makes it easier to find prerequisites and information on requirements?*

> Definitely. I think it's just all that. You can just look through what do I need to do for each of my courses and you don't accidentally have a lack. It's all just down here, so it's good. It also shows what you can't do.

Patrick: *How much time do you currently spend on, have you currently spent on your selections?*

> Probably like two hours.

Patrick: *So considering how much you did right now, would this system reduce that time?*

> Definitely.

Patrick: *What saves you the most time?*

> I don't know, I think it's just not having to, with this at least, it would be not having to click through every tab to see which one's which, and it's just there.

Patrick: *So if this were available for your course, would you use it?*

> Probably, yeah, if I remembered it existed.

Patrick: *Is there anything that you think could be better about this?*

> I think... Just a little pet peeve of mine is the semesters offered is at the other side of the screen to all of the clicking. So my lazy ass needs to go all the way up to here to click just to go back here.

Patrick: *Well okay, but this is going to be removed. So it's going to be in here. So you can, so you can, this and this won't be here. You can search in here, and just the guy who does the code for that hasn't done it yet.*

> Okay, well then that's exactly what I was saying, so perfect.

Patrick: *Do you think that these colours here for- Do you think it's a solid system for indicating where you can't put things, where you shouldn't put things, and where you can put things?*

> At first I didn't even notice them until you pointed it out, and then it made it really easy. So I think just... I don't know, I'm a bit slow, so I'm probably not the ideal candidate for that, but like... Yeah, no, I think...

Patrick: *That's okay. A lot of people are a bit slow.*

> Once I knew that's what it meant, then it was there. And it makes sense, it just didn't click in my head. at first because it feels like these ones where it's like you don't have the prerequisites it's orange but then this is red when you can't do it and then it's orange here when you filled it out so I feel like the colors are a bit missing.

Patrick: *Yeah and then like for empty slots you you can't click that at all.*

> Yeah I did try and click that like three times.