Rafael: Is it OK if I record you? 

Nic: Yeah, yeah. 

Rafael: All right, perfect. Can I ask in your experience how the course application process is, especially when you're using multiple different websites and ways to actually apply for the course? 

Nic: Um, I found that it was quite difficult if I didn't have assistance from someone that was already studying at uni, so luckily, I had a couple of friends that were already studying at UQ and I had a lot of assistance with them where they showed me, sort of what sort of courses I should be looking at for first year engineering and there. Luckily, though, for my course, I did a bit of research online. There's a very good guideline for which first two courses I should be selecting, you know, if I'm looking at doing different degrees down the track, and that's kind of what I found after a bit of research, but I did need assistance initially from.

Rafael: Yeah, what stage did you get stuck on or was it just like in general you thought it was a bit daunting?

Nic: It was mainly like, yeah, a bit daunting, right at the start. Like, it was sort of like, oh, you know, what does this mean? Like, what are all these things? And it was sort of like, I was kind of like thrown in the deep end, especially coming from school where it's like oh, you know, you need to do these subjects, this your call, and then these are electives you can do it was really difficult, like schools really almost on the plate for me and Uni is very self-directed. I guess it's kind of supposed to be, but also a bit of assistance at the start was required. 

Rafael: Yeah. So do you think it would have been easier if you just had like one system to do it all, like one website, it's all there? 

Nic: Yeah, definitely. Like, I remember switching between the website that has all the course profiles and then the website that actually just shows the outline of the course is really confusing. I was like, oh, which one am I supposed to be looking at? Are they both correct? Is one outdated? Oh, yeah. Once I became more familiar with that, it does seem to work and seem to help well when you're not familiar with it. 

Rafael: Yeah, awesome. Thank you. 

Nic: No worries.
