### Value Propositions Interview 1
*Interview can be found [here](https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7560_62502/Shared%20Documents/Mon_9am_Team_10/patrick-elgey-audio-recordings/Iteration_2/1_2amelia.mp3?csf=1&web=1&e=ge11FB).*

Patrick: *Do you try to take courses with your friends where possible?*

Amelia:
> I always have friends in the class, so yes, I'd say so.

Patrick: *Would you say it's a significant factor in choosing your courses or would you say that it's something that you try to do like afterwards or something that just happens by coincidence?*

Amelia:
> I usually choose for my degree first because that is the most important thing. And then I check with my friends and determine if it's possible to be in like classes together.

Patrick: *Did you know that in the UQ timetabling website has a built-in way to see what timetables your friends have?*

Amelia:
> I did not know that. That is very helpful.

Patrick: *Would you use that system if you didn't know about it? And would you say that it's because it's useful for planning with friends?*

Amelia:
> I would use that system if I knew about it earlier. I'll have to use it next semester then. Yeah, I think that just makes it a lot easier, even though it, because the current system is sending timetable preferences back and forth being like, is this going to work? Yeah. So that would make things a lot easier.

Patrick: *Would it be beneficial to you if there was a way that you could have that system except with courses?*

Amelia:
> I think so. Do you mean seeing what all your friends' plans for their degrees and such. Oh, got it. That'd be pretty useful, I think, but I guess things would change a lot. I don't know. How about like the privacy of it?

Patrick: *I think that it would be, you both have to add each other for it.*

Amelia:
> Okay. That makes a lot more sense. Then I think that would be very, very beneficial to checking with friends on what courses and what programs they're doing each semester. 


Patrick: *Have you planned your courses for the upcoming two terms?*

Amelia:
> Not yet, no. I think I will get to that. I've been thinking about courses, but I haven't officially put them in and plan them in my Excel spreadsheet yet.

Patrick: *Is that, is that because you think that planning too far in advance is unhelpful?*

Amelia:
> Um, I wouldn't say it's unhelpful. I think it's pretty useful to plan ahead, but I think you've just also got to be prepared if your plans change. Like if you, um, like fail a course, that would be bad.

Patrick: *How would you recover from those sorts of things? So when planning in advance, how likely do you think your preferences would change over time, which would change your plan?*

Amelia:
> For me, I don't think my plan would change very much. So that is one of the reasons why I do it pretty early-ish. But I think there are reasons to change - like if there was sudden timetable changes that you couldn't make the class anymore or something like that, I think.

Patrick: *So like, you'd change it if you'd failed a course or you tried a course and didn't like the topic?*

Amelia:
> Yeah, or if I didn't look at the prerequisites and co-requisites like I did this semester, like I had to change that course pretty quick. But in the early stages of the semester, you figure that out pretty quickly.

Patrick: *Have you, for what you have planned, has that been all by yourself or have you utilised a UQ advisor or taken stuff from a course planner?*

Amelia:
> I have done it mostly myself. I did use the course planner when I found it, but I did also try and, like, I did have an academic advisor interview just to double check my course plan, but I didn't find that very useful, unfortunately. So I don't think I would go back there to just, and I think it would, it's probably more beneficial to contact course coordinators directly if I have any questions.


Patrick: *So on that note of getting information about courses, would you like to see a system where previous participants of a course can leave a note on it that's a summary or a review?

Amelia:
> I think that would be useful. I remember trying to look up a few things about courses just of the off chance that someone did write something about it on like social media and things like that. But if it was like kind of more professionally done, I think that would be pretty good.

Patrick: *Would you read short opinions of courses you were thinking of taking from these past students?*

Amelia:
> I think so. I think it would depend on how, like, if, I guess if they had a bad experience, it would be a good thing to note. But also, you need to take everything with a grain of salt, meaning that their perspective is probably, could be completely different to your perspective. I think the things that past students can say can help with just kind of mentally preparing yourself for an upcoming course and things like that.

Patrick: *So in that system, would you prefer that the course staff are present and writing stuff or answering questions in it?*

Amelia:
> I think that would be really helpful. I think a good mix of student opinions and, like, tutor opinions would be really nice to have, because you can learn a lot from the other side of things, the tutor and staff perspective on it. It can also give you an indication on how, like, organised and how structured the course could be as well. I think I've noticed that as well.

Patrick: *Would you participate in that system once you have completed a course?*

Amelia:
> I think so. I think there would have to be like, I guess it depends if like there would have to be a degree of anonymity. Like I feel if it was too free to write your perspective, there could be some bad ones that show up. If it was monitored and everything, I think that would also be... The main concern that I would have with a feature like that would be just using it to trash talk and insult the staff people, which is definitely not what you want from when you're just trying to see, hey, is this course for me or not, you know?


Patrick: *Have you chosen your major/minors?*

Amelia:
> Yes.

Patrick: *Do you know how your course credits are counted towards your majors versus your main degree?*

Amelia:
> Not really, but because I think my degree, because it has the master's program on top of it, it does make it completely different to the normal engineering. So, I guess it would be useful to have some more information on that.

Patrick: *You do know what courses you do need to complete to do it?*

Amelia:
> Yes, I do. That was one of the first things I considered when choosing my specialisation.

Patrick: *If you changed majors, what would happen to you in terms of the course credit points?*

Amelia:
> So I guess it would depend on what specialisation I choose to go into. I've left myself currently pretty open to change if I ever needed to change. At the moment, my decision is pretty stable. I guess some classes would not contribute fully and would have to be used as an elective slot if I were to go further into my degree.

Patrick: *Would it help you if you were not as sure as you were about your specialisation, to have a way to create and compare multiple different plans?*

Amelia:
> I think that would be very helpful, especially just deciding between ones that are very similar, and showing the differences and what type of elective options and mandatory courses you do. And, what's shared between each specialization be very useful. Cause at the start of the year, I did do that myself. Like, I had printed out each specialization that I was thinking of going into and I highlighted the courses that were shared between them so I could do those first before I decided. I think if that was like a feature, that would be very helpful.

Patrick: *Thank you for once again, showing up.*

Amelia:
> No problem.