### Value Propositions Interview 3
*Interview can be found [here](https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7560_62502/Shared%20Documents/Mon_9am_Team_10/patrick-elgey-audio-recordings/Iteration_2/3_2dylan.mp3?csf=1&web=1&e=b8AVuZ).*

Patrick: *Do you try to take courses with your friends where possible?*

Dylan:
> Yes.

Patrick: *Would you say it's a significant factor in choosing, or would you say it's something you would try to do after selecting?*

Dylan:
> It's a significant factor. Yeah, because I want to go to classes together. It's motivating to have a friend there.

Patrick: *Are you aware that my timetable, the official UQ timetabling website, has a built-in way to share timetables?*

Dylan:
> Yes. I did know that. 

Patrick: *So is that sort of system something... Do you find that useful for planning with friends?*

Dylan:
> I do see it as pretty useful.

Patrick: *So would you find something like that sort of helpful for planning in courses as well?*

Dylan:
> Yeah, I would say it's useful because it allows me to really get an idea of what my timing is like scheduling for everything is and that's me like not having any like big breaks between like classes Yeah, like specifically for scheduling with friends. It would help me a lot with that because I get to see what they're doing.

Patrick: *Have you planned your courses for the upcoming two terms?*

Dylan:
> As in for Just chosen the courses under? Yeah, I've chosen already.

Patrick: *Are you worried that planning too far ahead isn't useful?*

Dylan:
> Yeah, it's not that useful because you don't know when you may have failed a course and then you're like, well, I need to redo that course for the next semester and it can make you have to change your courses for those next two semesters and you still have to talk to an academic advisor because you may change preferences to a different course.

Patrick: *So you'd rather just keep your plans in the short term than for the long term?*

Dylan:
> Yeah, just next semester sort of thing, yeah. Absolutely.

Patrick: *Have you planned anything more than two semesters in advance?*

Dylan:
> Yes I have. I've gone up to probably three and a half years on my course, so yeah, I've planned up to there. I can't really plan for my last one because I think it's like a project thing, so yeah. It depends.

Patrick: *Have you planned everything yourself or relied heavily on the course planner or an academic advisor?*

Dylan:
> Mostly by myself, but I will get a second opinion by an academic advisor.

Patrick: *Would you like to see a system where previous participants of the course can leave a note or a summary or a comment on the course?*

Dylan:
> Yes, I would love that. I'm so clueless going into courses having no idea what I'm doing.

Patrick: *Alright, so you would read the short opinions of previous students?*

Dylan:
> Yeah, I think it's useful because it lets you decide on what courses to do next semester. You don't overwhelm yourself with too many hard courses. It lets you Basically choose that this course is a bit easier, but this course is really hard. I put those two together So I'm not doing two really hard classes together.

Patrick: *Would you like a system similar to Edstem like so like as in the threaded forums or just single posts?*

Dylan:
> I like Edstem. Edstem is probably better, it's got a nicer interface.

Patrick: *So would you like it that staff be present in there as well, or just be students?*

Dylan:
> Just students, I would say. 

Patrick: *And why is that?*

Dylan:
> I feel like most students when they're monitored tend to not show their real opinions. So I rather have a non-monitored area where there is a bit of a monitoring, but it's not like, yeah, fully monitored. You're right, I'll explain. And would you participate in the system after you've completed a course? I probably would. Just a small note, nothing too long. I would just say, stating whether it's a bit of a hard course or not.

Patrick: *Have you chosen your majors slash minors?*

Dylan:
> No, I haven't.

Patrick: *Last question, would it help you to have a way to create and compare multiple plans?*

Dylan:
> I think it would be very useful if I could have multiple plans for different majors because I did actually recently change from mechatronics to electrical. So yeah, so different, totally different courses.

Patrick: *Alright, thank you for your time.*

Dylan:
> No problem.