Rafael: Do you mind if I record you? 

Will: Yeah. Okay. 

Rafael: Thank you. Have you ever struggled with course prerequisites? Like, have you not known about a course prerequisite when you applied for a course? 

Will: Um.. Yes, I will actually say a little bit. Uh, in particular, there was this one course for my accounting subject that I thought I had the prerequisite for because I did it in school, but it turns out it did not count for it and it didn't say anything about that. And so now I have to go back and do the course anyway, so I just... Yeah, I thought I could shortcut it. But I feel like most of it is pretty self exploratory, especially for the maths and this is a pretty maths heavy degree. You're just gonna go one by one.

Rafael: So when there's no structure or like a lack of structure, or clear structure, unlike maths in, you know music or accounting or whatever, do you think there's a lot of ambiguity? 

Will: Yeah, for sure. Like, I feel like they could, like, just, even just, like, explain it, just a lot easier, just on the main page, because I know there's, like, a whole different page where go on to, like, navigate it, see it. I think it's just a little bit funny, a little bit odd. Yeah, definitely. 

Rafael: Yeah. And then if you did miss a prerequisite, would you consider just ignoring it for the time being and then doing it later for easy credit or would you do a prerequisite always before it's associated? 

Will: It honestly depends. Like, I already have a very long degree. I don't really want to be hanging around here longer than I want to. Yeah. So, I would probably honestly just miss it for the time being, go back for the credit that I need it. But most of my prerequisites are not core subjects, so... Yeah. But, yeah, definitely come back. 

Rafael: All right, yeah, dude. Awesome. Thank you.
