Rafael: Can you say your name and your degree, please? 

Jack: I'm Jack Ryan, and I'm doing a Bachelor of Advanced Finance and Economics. 

Rafael: So, do you have a plan for your degree? 

Jack: Do I have a personal plan? 

Rafael: Yeah, just like, what courses are you gonna do?

Jack: like, I think that there's a little bit of flexibility with what electives I get to do, but there are some cool courses that I have to do. 

Rafael: Yes. Alright, so are those core courses pretty much the same? Like, you always have to do a core course with a semester. Like, it's the same for everybody. Or do you have a lot of freedom choosing what course it is? 

Jack: I don't think that there's a lot of freedom in the first and second year. I think as you start to choose electives in third and fourth, you get a bit more freedom. But honestly, I just look at what I'm supposed to be doing at the end of each semester and it's just more in what everyone else is doing. 

Rafael: So do you use the UQ planner for that? 

Jack: Uh, I'm not really sure what the UQ Pl is, if it is, like, the the PDF document of what courses are suggested. I think I take a look at that, but it's also just general consensus from my cohort. 

Rafael: Yeah, right. So do you follow your friends or do you just follow what everyone else does?

Jack: I just follow what everybody else does. My friends who are in BAFE in my degree, we'd all be doing the same thing for the first two years.

Rafael: Yeah, okay, cool. Um, do you try to, well, like, in the future, do you see yourself trying to align with your friends more than the cohort, or do you, like, want to stick to the course planner and just do the recommended structure? 

Jack: Um.. I think that if I get any flexibility with, like, electives I get to choose or things like that, I'll just follow my interest, I won't really rely on my friends. I feel the course planer in order of how you do your courses, I'll just again on the general consensus of, like, what my cohort thinks and, um that probably comes from the course plan although, to be honest I’m not really sure.

Rafael: Yeah, so you've got, like, a strong plan then, for the first year or so, but then after that, it falls away. 

Jack: First two years, yeah, I think that there's, um, each semester has four subjects that you're recommended to do in that order. 

Rafael: Right, yeah, okay, so it's quite strict. Do you think it's very restrictive? Like, you'd rather have more freedom? 

Jack: I think that it's very reasonable in the first two years for me to have a restrictive, restrictive course, because it means that you're building are the fundamentals and I think a large part of my degree is the reputation that gets my employers in Sydney and Melbourne and that if you were given too much flexibility, they wouldn't have consistency in their applicants. So I think that they know what they're getting into when they hire someone from my course, provided that they've got a decent GPA. So I think that that restrictiveness makes us a reliable choice for employers. 

Rafael: Yeah, OK. Would you rather have a very rigid plan in the future? So, like, if I could give you everything that you were going to do right now, would you take that, or would you just rather go with the flow when it comes to it? 

Jack: I don't think I would rather rigidity. I think I would rather, maybe, rigidity in some aspects of, like, um, what courses I'm.. able to do, or maybe when I am dealing, but not a complete " here's what you have to do.. I think that they should almost be like a drop down menu of sort that causes to choose from rather than having to kind of go out into the ether that is the UQ website. search for a course, see if you' done three breaks, see if it is allowed in your general degree and then choose it. So I think that it should be structured, but with freedom. 

Rafael: Right. So do you think that the course, like the UQ PDF that you said that you sometimes use? Do you think that should be expanded and should have more more to it, or do you think it's fine how it is?

Jack: Um, I think it should be expanded, because when it says general electives, I think that the UQ website, and even the PDF, it's a lot of references to another website. There is also UQ owned for some reason, on a different web page or a different website all together, like Blackboard might be referencing the UQ course profile website, which might be referencing the UQ website itself, which might be referencing, like, student Planner, which might be referencing, my site or something.. It seems to be a very large, back and forth there. So I think it should be expended for each course. just to display what your options are.

Rafael: So like a much more seamless system?

Jack: Yeah 

Rafael: Alright. Thank you. 

Jack: Alright, cool.
