Rafael: Hello Lachlan, could you please take your name and your degree for me? 

Lachlan: Lachlan steptoe and I'm studying a bachelor of dad's finance and economics 

Rafael: Okay, thank you. Is it okay if I record you as well by the way? 

Lachlan: Yes 

Rafael: Okay, perfect. So do you have a plan for your courses in your degree? 

Lachlan: A plan for my courses. What do you mean by that? 

Rafael: Yeah, so what courses are you gonna take and how do you apply? 

Lachlan: I was gonna follow the program structure 

Rafael: Okay, is that program structure the UQ course plan? 

Lachlan: Perhaps it's if you search up bachelor of advanced finance and economics program structure I'm gonna follow the general pathway.

Rafael: Okay, yeah, so I believe that is you, but you look like you know all of the courses in your degree for like in level two and level three and think about what you're gonna do it all 

Lachlan: Next next semester, I'll probably start thinking more closely about that? 

Rafael: Do you think it's like a rigid structure that you have to do? 

Lachlan: Yes 

Rafael: Alright So do you think it's easy to find the UQ planning? You said that you just searched up? Did you know that it's provided though on the course page? 

Lachlan: I did not know well yeah, but it's not as detailed as when you search it up when you search it up at the PDF version so 

Rafael: Okay, so you find that to be more useful than following what is strictly provided with you on the actual page? 

Lachlan: Yes 

Rafael: So Do you like the course application process? Do you usually have several tabs open? Does it take more time than you want to? Is it like a difficult process? Talk me through how you actually go about it 

Lachlan: The course so when I'm actually applying for courses like putting them down 

Rafael: Yeah Yeah 

Lachlan: Well, to be honest, I haven't done it for a while but I wouldn't say it's a difficult process. I'd say that from when I lost the website might be like a little bit out of date in terms of your eye and not keeping up with other universities but But I wouldn't I wouldn't say it's overly difficult 

Rafael: Okay so if there was like a more seamless website you know more modernise it's way more efficient and the actual course application tells you you know what you need to do instead of you know you're having to search it up on Google for example do you think that would be beneficial for you? 

Lachlan: Yes 

Rafael: And you know you mentioned earlier that you haven't thought much earlier about what you're going to do so does that mean that you don't have a strong structure? 

Lachlan: They give you a strong structure that they recommend you do some of the my seniors in the degree have recommended that certain programs can be set off So harder programs can be done later and you're doing an elective is knowledge or you do a summer semester to reduce your workload That's something I'm definitely looking into towards mid semester break but at the moment I'm just going to be following that course structure 

Rafael: How often are you aware of course prerequisites?

Lachlan: Never 

Rafael: Right so the structure just told exactly what to do and just do that you don't you know I really look into cause it's a little 

Lachlan: Pretty much 

Rafael: Right well do you think there's a situation where if you knew a course had a prerequisite that you hadn't completed? Do you think there's a situation where you would take the course anyway and just do the prerequisite later? 

Lachlan: Maybe, probably not, maybe maybe 

Rafael: Maybe like like if you are you know going with friends for example like you wanna apply for courses with friends but you know they're up to something that you haven't quite built up to yet do you think you would just disregard the pre-reckon that case maybe? 

Lachlan: No but maybe it's more specific to my degree but it's still a very set structure. You don't get a lot of electives. I think you get maybe one elective of the year so…

Rafael: Yeah, very rigid yeah okay that's okay.

Lachlan: starting yeah it's a very rigid one. 

Rafael: What about companion courses? Do you know what companion courses are? 

Lachlan: No 

Rafael: Okay so companion course is when two courses are recommended to be taken together. That's not necessarily reflected in the planner that you provide. So do you think it would be more beneficial to know what companion courses are and to do them together instead of just what the plan is? 

Lachlan: Yes 

Rafael: Okay, so you know if there was a system I told you that for example you like the more seamless modernised I talked to earlier about you think that would be useful 

Lachlan: Yes, 100% 

Rafael: Okay just lastly on my assignment that do you think it would be beneficial of that body to you from completing courses that you're not up to? I understand that in bay it's a very rigid structure so perhaps this isn't this doesn't apply to you directly but you know do you think that would just be useful because right now it just doesn't check anything. I just let you do it you know third year course and you haven't done any pre-wreck it just unless to do it do you think that's poor design or what? 

Lachlan: Maybe it should flag but I don't think it should stop you from doing it so maybe it should tell you say it's not recommended but if it stops to altogether maybe they just like we can smart I don't know 

Rafael: Okay, thank you, Lachlan 

Lachlan: Thank you 
