Rafael: Okay, Hugo firstly do you mind if I record this call? 

Hugo: Yeah, of course 

Rafael: Okay, could you please say your name and your degree for me? 

Hugo: My name is Hugo maid and I'm currently studying a bachelor of advanced business at UQ 

Rafael: Okay, thank you. Hugo. First for us. Do you have a plan for your degree? 

Hugo: At the moment not necessarily I've been contemplating my options for the future. I definitely want to follow through my degree. I do have an interest in finance and economics and possibly accounting but I'm kind of being introduced now. No I'm exploring my opportunities with that. Otherwise I would like to just learn a bit more about the workforce so not the current plan with my degree itself but definitely I want to do some stuff with finance majoring and finance 

Rafael: Okay, and do you like the UQ planner for like looking at the courses that you're gonna be doing at all or you'd like you know it exists is it? 

Hugo: Yeah I use the planner a little bit generally I just use online what they supply online. I just on new website but I do use the planner for certain things and definitely for every year. At least to check the courses that I'm doing for that year. I will use the planner. 

Rafael: Okay would you say it's like primarily what you use or do you find yourself following what your friends are doing if you've got friends in like similar courses and what not? 

Hugo: I don't know. I don't really. I don't have too many friends in my course. I don't usually coordinate it. Yeah I just kinda look online. 

Rafael: Okay, yeah, yeah, right So when you say look online, do you mean use planner or do you mean like actually like the physical like the courses for your degree? 

Hugo: Both them the course planner and the public publicly available course information and the plan itself 

Rafael: Okay so would you put like a strong structure or or do you think it's sorted? Just like you know you go with the flow or is it generally just like the application system is way too outdated to consider looking forward to the future? 

Hugo: Yeah I find I can't use the plan completely for looking for planning into the future definitely for maybe a pair of 12 months usable when it comes to planning future. I haven't done too much of that personally but if I was to I'd probably prefer to use the planner as a secondary tool and plan using them something like Excel it's more customisable and easier to function. 

Rafael: Okay How do you find the integration between the numerous websites that you need to apply for course? So once again you mentioned use the planner as well as you know like the actual physical courses you need to complete for your degree on the website do you think that it's just too much like would you prefer to be one very seamless well integrated system or like what are your thoughts on the current the way that you have to do it? 

Hugo: Yeah I'm in the area. It's a little bit inconvenient as it makes me kind of not want to. Yeah if it was more integrated and easier to access possibly I'd be better at planning what I'm doing over the course of a semester or year. Yeah maybe better better suit myself in planning in the future. 

Rafael: Okay and what about like do you think it just takes way more time than necessary when you're actually doing this or do you just literally pick courses and not think about what you're doing? 

Hugo: Well to me it depends, but it does take too long to do anything in debt I find 

Rafael: Okay just a pivot a little bit regarding course prerequisite is that something that you often find yourself worrying about when you're applying to courses? Is it something you're always trying to look out for? 

Hugo: Oh not necessarily no most of the subjects that I did in high school assist with I think majority of prerequisites especially for all of the courses and opportunities that I would be looking into 

Rafael: Okay what about like mutually exclusive and companion courses like that? Try to go for companion courses so I companion course if you don't know what that is is course that recommended you take at the same time or you know like consecutively or something like that and you know music exclusive of course where you can't take the same call or you can't take two calls at once is that something you find that you're running into a lot? Do you think it would be beneficial if you were more aware of this? How aware of this are you? Get our stuff like that? 

Hugo: Okay, thank you for telling me that. I was not aware that that was really a thing at all. I haven't run into that personally. I don't think in my degree that's something that comes up often. If I was to run into that problem and I wanted to customise my degree more I definitely see that it's quite an issue but as far as I stand, I don't have an issue with that 

Rafael: Okay, so do you think like a more seamless system where you are aware of all these things would be needed? You know like everything in one place you do it. I can sort it for you stuff like that. 

Hugo: Definitely yeah I think that would be really beneficial for most people and even for myself but yeah if I had those issues I definitely want something that's quite as long as it's seamless. You definitely need to have access to more competent resources like that. 

Rafael: Okay, and with my my assignment at do you think it would be beneficial for you if it would buy from selecting courses if they won't make exclusive or have like a pro that you haven't completed or or anything like that it would essentially forbid you from making a mistake do you think that would be beneficial? 

Hugo: Yeah I definitely think that that would be good. I think the current way on my SI works as a quite poor and the fact that you can select undoing select options that aren't gonna assist. You is quite annoying. 

Rafael: Okay, thank you for your time Hugo 

Hugo: Thank you very much 
