Rafael: Is it okay if I record you? 

William: No, that is fine. You may record me. 

Rafael: please state your degree. 

William: A dual degree in mathematics and computer science 

Rafael: Okay, thank you. How do you choose your courses? 

Wilhelm Kewley: I'm not really sure what I want to do in the future so at the moment I'm choosing courses that they are required for the subject and then I'm choosing miners and majors that I think I might be able to find interesting and Might help me lead to a more focused understanding of what I want to do as I know you're in the future. I probably want to do something in the maths space, maybe something computer-based and so that's why I'm doing this degree and I'm choosing subjects to try and gauge interest in what fields of that general. Subject that I'd be most interesting 

Rafael: Is there, like, anyway in particular you do like to choose your specific courses for a semester? Like to use a UQ planner? Do you go by word-of-mouth? Do you do what your friends do like? How do you choose them? 

William: There's a guide on like there's a bookmarked the UQ Bachelor science degree recommended study planner 

Rafael: Yeah, yeah, the planner yeah okay is that like primarily what you use?

William: That's primarily what I use.

Rafael: Yeah what about some like course prerequisites do you? Do you have a good look at those when you're selecting courses or yeah do you sort of just not really know that they exist?

William: Oh, like I sort of look I pretty much just look just to see that I fit all the prerequisites. I haven't really had a subject so far as I'm only the first year that have had prerequisites other than high school so it hasn't really affected me. 

Rafael: Yeah, have there been any difficulties? Like really like immense difficulties when you're choosing courses? Like do you think it takes a lot longer than it should at times? Is it like you're just too frustrating to have to deal with or? 

William: I think the website can be a bit frustrating when trying to find what course prerequisites are but other than that and on the study planner for mathematics computer science there is this just blank spot where it doesn't say anything in the course and that's a bit annoying but other than that, it's not too bad. 

Rafael: Yeah, okay. Is there anything else that is difficult when you're choosing courses? Do you think there's too many websites that take too much time?

Wilhelm Kewley: I think the webpage is like I think it's just a general UQ problem but I think the UK webpages are just awful. It's awful to navigate and it's a pain when you're not finding the key information. Like I learn.uq is pretty easy but then. Other than that, like if you want to find out something specific, it's just an absolute pain. 

Rafael: Okay, that's all I have for you. Thank you for answering my questions 

William: Yeah, no problem 

Rafae;: You’ve been a great help, thank you 

William: Okay 
