Rafael: OK. So, can you please start your name and your degree? 

Rio: My name is Rio O'Dwyer. I'm currently studying a bachelor computer science, and a master of data science. 

Rafael: All right. How do you select your courses for your degree? 

Rio: So, with my degree, I kind of go off a couple things, so obviously, you know, what the degree entails. I'm trying to get my core subjects out first, so, you know, you're pretty standard courses, you're basic computer science, you maths, you whatever's needed for the degree, before the actual degree, like, before you get started into the masters and the majors and all that. And also kind of what my friends are doing, like, I really love, you know, having people there in a class. Like, so I did, I switched around, I did one of the maths before the others because my mates were doing it. and, you know, other stuff like that. But mostly it's what the course requires and then I mix and match based on what my engineering friends are doing or my other science friends are doing and the like. That's kind of the thought process. 
Rafael: 
So would you say that you use the UQ planner or do you try to align with your friends? 

Rio: I go... In all honesty, I didn't know what the planner was. I didn't know about the UQ planner for a while before, like, I actually started the degree. Like, so I actually knew about it after I'd already started the degree. Which is not the smartest thing, I will say, that, um eventually I figured it out. 

Rafael: Do you think you didn't know about the plan because, like, nobody uses it or you just didn't? 

Rio: No one mentioned it. I think people use it, but just no one mentioned it.. And like, since if you're not already aware of it, you're probably not going to go out of your way to figure it out. It's just like, very niche and kind of hard to find, especially for the niche degrees.But um when I did find it, I did use it, especially for semester two, so that did help a lot with figuring out what I wanted to do. But overall, probably not mostly what I felt, like what courses I had on my screen and what I felt would be interesting subjects. 

Rafael: Okay. So would you say that you have a strong structure for your future semesters? 

Rio: I have a general outline. That's more so what I have to say. It's less a strong structure just because, again, there's that iffiness of, I'm kind of going about it my own way. Like, I'm not doing particularly what the uni suggests, just because I didn't know at the time. But I reckon I've got a pretty good outline where I want to get my main stuff done and then I want to get into my majors to give me time to figure out my majors. And in retrospect on the UQ's suggestion, it wants you to start the majors off the bat, but it's like, what if I change my major? What if I don't want to do this? What if I, like, think I want to do something and then I get into the degree and I'm like, wow, I really like this one field that the major doesn't explore. And so I'm actually beginning to realise that, how I put it, um. How would I put it? 

Rafael: You think it's, like, too restrictive?

Rio: Yeah, I think it's a very restrictive outline. And I reckon it could definitely use some consultation in, like, future reference. I think that's the best way for me to put it.

Rafael: Okay. And are you keeping track of, like, what courses you want to do? Have you had, like a really proper, good look at what you want to do, what's in the future? 

Rio: Yeah, so obviously I've got the master of data science that's already outlined for you. Like, it's just a yes, but it's all eight courses already done, already, like, told to you before you even, like, when you get sign up for the degree, it's told to you all that. So there's not really a…That's a very strong structure there. I'm kind of keeping track in general of what I have to do less than what I want to do. Because it's like I have to do certain subjects. Um. And I have to do others and I just figure it out. I know mostly the prerequisites that are needed, so, you know, comp 1100 needs to csse, or you need to be at least doing csse while you're doing a comp 11100 And the like like that, so, yes, I'm no. Yeah, I'll say that. Okay, I'll keep it at that. I feel like I yapped a bit. 

Rafael: Okay. Thank you. That was perfect. 

Rio: All right.
