Rafael: Baxter, do you mind if I record you? 

Baxter Voll: Not at all that's fine 

Rafael: Thank you could you please stay at your name and your degree for me? 

Baxter: My name is Baxter. I'm doing a double degree in law and psychology. 

Rafael: Okay, thank you. Do you have a plan for your degree? 

Baxter: As in a plan for completion, I'm doing it full-time 

Rafael: A plan as in like you know the courses that you're gonna take per semester do you know Richard? Is it free? 

Baxter: For law, the curriculum is set out for me and I probably won't get Electives until my third or fourth year and for psychology I have a lot of control over what subjects I pick and I have a loose plan for the next two years 

Rafael: Okay So you roughly know what you're gonna be doing for the next two years in psychology and is it the UQ degree planner that you use for that or is that you know? Do you use? Did you look into it yourself with the course requirements like the course, like the actual courses that you're doing or how do you determine those? 

Baxter: Roughly. I looked into the subjects offered and what year they I was able to take them in and the prerequisites for those through the UQ website but all other planning was done just independently 

Rafael: So, would you say that finding prerequisite is been quite easy and soon as you or do you find it to be like it wasn't difficult to make that plan? 

Baxter: It was not as clear as I'd like it to be. I had to look at a few chains websites to see whether I was eligible to do a subject, but I have to note them all down. 

Rafael: Yeah Okay and what about the UQ degree planner? Did you know that that exists? 

Baxter: Is that through my YouTube dashboard? 

Rafael: When you go to your actual degree like the degree, it'll be an option for that plan 

Baxter: I haven't used it before, but we got a sheep describing it on orientation 

Rafael: Yeah, right was that? Did you find that shit useful or do you think that this sounds highly ambiguous? Why don't you use the did you just not know that it existed? 

Baxter: No, I didn't. I didn't use it. I just prefer to do that kind of planning on paper 

Rafael: Okay so if it was regularly available though would you use it or if if it was a very seamless system like you can dynamically and replace things and choose when you gonna do it? It always tells you if it's possible to do something it's a pre-wreck or anything if you had an option like that to just make the price is easier would you still choose that or do you prefer to play it yourself? 

Baxter: If the prerequisites were made more apparent, they may have been an incentive to use it 

Rafael: Okay What about when you're actually choosing your horses person? So did you just do it independently or do you do it? Like you try to live your friends instead of you knowing a mortgage structure? 

Baxter: I tried to align with people I know in the course and condense everything to as little days as possible 

Rafael: Okay No that's okay. Do you want you know you mentioned you have a structure for the next two years? Is not quite certain in stone or do you expect to have a lot of changes with how you actually do that? 

Baxter: I expect I expect to have a few changes depending on friends are making the course and perhaps we want to do subjects together but I have subjects in third year that I want to do and I also want to do the prerequisites for that subject 

Rafael: Okay, and would you say that you know it would be more beneficial to have a seamless system when you're doing all of this? 

Baxter: Yes, yes, it would be 

Rafael: Okay, so you think the current way that you're doing it is very unsustainable and just quite a lot of it 

Baxter: I think it's very old-fashioned and having an updated system would be beneficial to a lot of people maybe not me but to a lot of people 

You: Yeah right and only you mentioned that you were keeping track of things across a few different websites. Do you think that those should be integrated into one? 

Baxter: Sure, that sounds fantastic 

Rafael: Okay Alright, well, thank you. I think I've got everything I need from you thank you. 

Baxter: Okay, no worries 

