Rafael: Okay, Lachlan, can you please state your name and your degree for me? 

Lachlan: Hi, I am Lachlan Lawless and I am currently doing engineering on it. 

Rafael: Okay, thank you. Lachlan. I forgot to ask if you're okay if this is to be recorded, is that okay? 

Lachlan: Yeah, that's fine 

Rafael: Okay, thank you so much. Do you have a plan for your courses in your degree? 

Lachlan: So five has been following what recommended by UQ but other than that generally know 

Rafael: When you say recommended by UQ do you mean like the course plan for engineering or do you mean yeah right? Do you look at all the courses that you have often or do you just find yourself straight onto the course? 

Lachlan: The course list? No, no, just the course planner 

Rafael: Okay, do you think the course planner is very restrictive for you in engineering? 

Lachlan: Not really for some people depending on what specialisation they want to go into, yes 

Rafael: Okay, what about your specialisation? Or do you think it will be more rigid?

Lachlan: I haven't considered it. I don't really know yet but so far it's pretty much just keep your options broad. That's what the course planners say. 

Rafael: Yeah okay yeah what about? Like when you're selecting your courses you said you followed the planner but what about friends? You do? If you've got many friends doing engineering you try to align similar courses with them so you can do the same thing or do you just keep yourself okay and then would you find that that's… 

Lachlan: Yes, absolutely 

Rafael: primarily your goal or is it like the planner? That's your primary decisionmaker? So for example there was like a conflict between the plan and what your friends wanted to do? Would you find out what your friends want to do or all the planner. 

Lachlan: Honestly, there's usually no conflict. It's just like using a question of depending on when I apply for each course. It's usually just like if I apply too late then I can't do the course that I want. 

Rafael: Yeah Yeah okay and what about like prerequisites? So if there was a prerequisite for a course that you have to complete but your friends want to do that course? Would you still pick the course and do the pre-wreck later or would you do the prerequisites first or not? 

Lachlan: I do the class 

Rafael: Do you have a strong structure for your course in the future? You mentioned it wasn't restrictive? Does that mean that you know what you're gonna do and it's like freedom? Did you, like, have you thought about what you want to do with all these courses and how you're gonna do it? 

Lachlan: No, I haven't really thought about that to be honest Really 

Rafael: Right, so you just follow the planner and base it off that most of the time okay? 

Lachlan: Yes 

Rafael: Do you think the current method of course applications is outdated? 

Lachlan: Honestly, yes, I really do think 

Rafael: Right, and do you think that bothers you from considering what you're going to be doing in the future or do you think it is genuinely just something to be worried about? 

Lachlan: No, it's not something I'm worried about 

Rafael: Okay, and when you are applying for courses do you find that you've got several tabs open? Do you decide what to do or is it like a very easy system? 

Lachlan: Not fairly straightforward I just sort of look at just check the plan up see what's recommended and go with that 

Rafael: Okay do you think there needs to be better integration between all these things? So whilst you do use the planner a lot if it was everything was just available on one site like it? I'd recommend what you should do based on your degree requirements and stuff like that. Do you think that would be beneficial or do you think the current system is just fine like the planner and my si-net? 

Lachlan: No a website that could just tell me every single course and was recommended free specialisation would be probably more beneficial than what we currently have 

Rafael: Okay, and how would you say that the current system faults? 

Lachlan: It's alright it can be sort of a bit hard to get like a good idea on what the course really entails and how it would look like alongside other courses 

Rafael: Okay so are you aware of companion courses and mutually exclusive courses? 

Lachlan: Oh no 

Rafael: So a companion course is two courses that should be taken at the same time or like consecutively, like 1051 and 1052 are companion courses and then mutually exclusive when you can't take two things at the same time so do you think you're aware of those at all times or do you find yourself just not know 

Lachlan: No, I think I am aware of those at all times 

Rafael: Okay Would you like to be more aware of them like is it through the actual degree that it tells you that you're aware of them? What do you think? Lucky made a mistake in the application process at some point? 

Lachlan: No, I'm I've definitely made some mistake application process but usually I've found a way to figure it out 

Rafael: Could you maybe elaborate on some of those mistakes like your favourite even if they just like small things that help? 

Lachlan: Yeah I think it was like my first semester doing unremitted semester where I picked three courses for very difficult and highly recommended to do and sit in the same semester 

Rafael: Yeah Right so do you think that it’s a great system would help you with that or was that the course planner that you felt like due to doing those courses? 

Lachlan: No, it was more of the plan that led me to doing those courses 

Rafael: Do you think the planner should be improved in any way? You know a more integrated system where it's all there?

Lachlan: I agree a more integrated system where it's all that would be better 

Rafael: Okay and what about my si-net do you think? Do you think that it should bar you from selecting courses that you can't do if you take like two mutually exclusive courses? Do you think it should prevent you from doing that at all times? 

Lachlan: Yes, absolutely 

Rafael: Okay, and just to suck back a little bit you said earlier with friends and prerequisites that you take the prerequisite first. Is there any situation you would consider not doing the prerequisite first and just doing the course anyway and doing the prerequisite? 

Lachlan: If no, I feel like it's kinda beneficial that you do the prerequisite for that course 

Rafael: Okay, thank you for your time 
