Patrick: *What course did you do?*

Nick: 
> At Uni? So I did a double degree in mechatronics and physics, so robotics engineering and physics.

Patrick: *Throughout this degree, did you have a plan for what courses you were going to do after each other?*

Nick: 
> Yeah so, I originally started out with a base plan of like, these are the introductory subjects you'll start with, in the second year you'll go to this set of subjects, and third year this set of subjects, and fourth year this set of subjects - so I could just follow along through that. Of course things change and it evolves over time but you can always go through the careers counsellors and they can help you with guidance as well.

Patrick: *Did you use the course planners?*

Nick: 
> That's the right name for it. When things started getting tough, I did use the course planners and they helped quite a bit.

Patrick: *So did you have a personalized plan for yourself written down somewhere?*

Nick: 
> Yes I did, I had an excel spreadsheet specially for me, and every time I completed a course, I would put the GPA grade I got in the spot, so it calculated over the time what I get at the end.

Patrick: *In the process of choosing courses that you wanted to do, were there any difficulties you faced in the selection process?*

Nick: 
> Yeah so with engineering, I kind of started out being like "what do I wanna do," it took me the whole of the first year and a little bit of the second year to figure out exactly it was, and I decided to do a little bit of everything - jack of all trades with robotics for example, but when I was a kid I always knew I want to do some sort of science or engineering basically.

Patrick: *What difficulties did you face with determining what order you had to do stuff w.r.t. the prerequistes?*

Nick: 
> Yeah so, if god forbid you fail a subject and you have to redo it, that can set you back certain times and stuff, but generally the order thats given is pretty well guided toward what helps you through in the right way, so you'll always end up doing one subject before another. The course guidance given was pretty spot on, but if I needed help in selecting prerequisites I would go to the website and check out what course I wanted to do and what was needed prior, and see if that was in my plan.

Patrick: *Did you ever make any mistakes like choosing the wrong course?*

Nick: 
> No, I don't think I did. I knew of friends who did, but within the first couple of weeks they ended up being able to catch up with the one they needed to do. It was planned out pretty well for me, and if something did go astray, I'd end up emailing or calling straight away.

Patrick: *Would you say that it wasn't difficult for you to make your choice*

Nick: 
> 

02:44
transcribing this is making me depressed
