*Interview can be found [here](https://uq-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/personal/s4963787_uq_edu_au/EW9YL6-YrX1JpBZLOczHIw8BGG3cC_r4c6BNtSuIBFmA1w?e=E6Y13c)*

Patrick: *What course did you do?*

Nick: 
> At Uni? So I did a double degree in mechatronics and physics, so robotics engineering and physics.

Patrick: *Throughout this degree, did you have a plan for what courses you were going to do after each other?*

Nick: 
> Yeah so, I originally started out with a base plan of like, these are the introductory subjects you'll start with, in the second year you'll go to this set of subjects, and third year this set of subjects, and fourth year this set of subjects - so I could just follow along through that. Of course things change and it evolves over time but you can always go through the careers counsellors and they can help you with guidance as well.

Patrick: *Did you use the course planners?*

Nick: 
> That's the right name for it. When things started getting tough, I did use the course planners and they helped quite a bit.

Patrick: *So did you have a personalized plan for yourself written down somewhere?*

Nick: 
> Yes I did, I had an excel spreadsheet specially for me, and every time I completed a course, I would put the GPA grade I got in the spot, so it calculated over the time what I get at the end.

Patrick: *In the process of choosing courses that you wanted to do, were there any difficulties you faced in the selection process?*

Nick: 
> Yeah so with engineering, I kind of started out being like "what do I wanna do," it took me the whole of the first year and a little bit of the second year to figure out exactly it was, and I decided to do a little bit of everything - jack of all trades with robotics for example, but when I was a kid I always knew I want to do some sort of science or engineering basically.

Patrick: *What difficulties did you face with determining what order you had to do stuff w.r.t. the prerequistes?*

Nick: 
> Yeah so, if god forbid you fail a subject and you have to redo it, that can set you back certain times and stuff, but generally the order thats given is pretty well guided toward what helps you through in the right way, so you'll always end up doing one subject before another. The course guidance given was pretty spot on, but if I needed help in selecting prerequisites I would go to the website and check out what course I wanted to do and what was needed prior, and see if that was in my plan.

Patrick: *Did you ever make any mistakes like choosing the wrong course?*

Nick: 
> No, I don't think I did. I knew of friends who did, but within the first couple of weeks they ended up being able to catch up with the one they needed to do. It was planned out pretty well for me, and if something did go astray, I'd end up emailing or calling straight away.

Patrick: *Would you say that it wasn't difficult for you to make your choices? Especially since you have to visit multiple sites to get all the information.*

Nick: 
> It was hard to find all the information necessary, sometimes it took a few instances of googling as opposed to just finding the correct thing right away but talking with people who passed through uni or had finished uni already or the course guidance, it made it a lot easier, and after talking to them the first time, that was the number I called straight away if anything came astray, they'd always ask for my ID and we'd go from there. It was pretty easy that way afterwards.

Patrick: *What would you have appreciated about a platform that consolidated all the information to help with planning?*

Nick: 
> Something that's set out from day one. I know a lot of stuff you find out as you go through the course of your first semester or year, so having something planned out from day one being like "hey this is the page you need to go to for all the information on the contacts, like if you're having difficulties with this or that." Being able to have that readily available - I might not have been there on the day they said that but they did end up showing like a "hey if you need help with this this or this, go to these places"

Patrick: *Would you ever have considered doing courses without doing the prerequisites?*

Nick: 
> I did actually, I thought of doing something prior - and luckily enough I was able to - so there was one subject where I didn't really fancy it but I fancied the course afterwards, so I decided to do the prerequisite as an exchange subject, so I got it transferred for something different overseas - I went over for 6 months to study - that was a very special case, the person I was talking to - head of physics - knew about it, I spoke to them one-on-one about it and they were excited about what I would be learning over there, so I was able to get it changed out as my prerequisite. Not saying thats going to happen to everyone, that was a special case for me, but I was able to get that happening.

Patrick: *So you managed alright with knowing what courses would be offered at what semesters?*

Nick: 
> Yeah, So it was a struggle to start with, like "oh I want to do this one oh wait no thats semester 2 - oh thats semester one," but once you get the hang of looking into the course and understanding whereabouts they're placed it became easier to plan it out. I'd reccommend planning it out as early as possible, that way you can always go back, and if you know what you're going to do, you can just readjust after that aswell.

Patrick: *So would you say you spent more time than strictly otherwise necessary having to initially plan it out?*

Nick: 
> I believe so, I mean I don't know what everyone else is doing obviously we only know what we do, but I spent a little more than the average person to just plan everything out and because I knew what I was doing. Every few months I would check it and see if I was on track to be able to pass this course and go on to the next one

Patrick: *Thanks for your time.*
