*Interview can be found [here](https://uq-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/personal/s4963787_uq_edu_au/EVZJk2pxsGJNn738mv_OR68BbaZuI-UxyG_sA4bATDGp7A?e=nUxniZ)*

Patrick: *For your degree, do you have a plan of the courses that you're going to do?*

Prussia:
> Yes, I do. 


Patrick: *How do you keep this plan?*

Prussia:
> An excel spreadsheet. 

Patrick: *When you were gathering your information to choose this, to what courses did you experience any difficulties?*

Prussia:
> It was so annoying. It was really bad. A lot of the courses that I need that are required prereqs run in only one semester, and it doesn't say that on the website until you check the course so I would be planning stuff out and then I realize, 'oh, I can't take that prereq and I have to change everything' because, you know, it's not laid out very nicely.

Patrick: *So you've caught all the mistakes that you could have made before you've enrolled?*

Prussia:
> I hope so.

Patrick: *Would you ever consider doing a course without during the prerequisites?*

Prussia:
> I'd prefer not to, because it's math, so i'm really like...Yeah.

Patrick: *If there was a site that could conglomerate all the information from the uq sites with regards to planning in what order you do your courses, what would you like to see on it and how would it benefit you?*

Prussia:
> First off, I'd like if it could have maybe an easier way to see when the classes run and what the prereqs are. And then another thing, when I was doing the dual degree, there was stuff where it's like, 'if you take this course and you're doing this major, then it counts towards the math degree. But if you're doing a different major, it counts towards the engineering degree' and stuff. That was impossible to keep track of because that's not said on the course profile anywhere. So that was said, on the degree information, so I'd have to check the course and then I'd have to check my degree information and see what thing it would fit into. So that's another thing that I'd like to see maybe considered if I could get that.

Patrick: *So like if there was a drag and drop course planner on that, you'd like have it give you an alert that 'hey, this is what's happening.'*

Prussia:
> Yeah, I'd like to know what my credits are counting towards.

Patrick: *So would you say that in the course of planning, it's taken more time than probably necessary, like more time than it should have taken?*

Prussia:
> Yeah, definitely.

Patrick: *By how much?*

Prussia:
> At least a couple hours. Like a couple hours of like, focused on Google, having the tabs open, trying to make sure that everything lined up... Which, yeah, that was bad.