*Interview can be found [here](https://uq-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/personal/s4963787_uq_edu_au/EcTPLZc7AwZOo27nUgj8cNYBJfWlTBHWVm1YBi_Cajo1CA?e=LEntuG)*

Patrick: *For your degree, do you have a plan for what courses you are doing?*

Flynn:
> No.

Patrick: *No?*

Flynn:
> No.

Patrick: *Okay, so are you just deciding each semester when it comes time to enroll?*

Flynn:
> No, I need to talk to someone still. I'm going to do that in the next couple of weeks. 

Patrick: *Is this your first semester?*

Flynn:
> Second semester. I've just had to do the first year, the flexible first year, so I haven't had to make any decisions yet. I've just done everything.

Patrick: *Are you using the course planner for your degree?*

Flynn:
> Just the list of courses for the degree.

Patrick: *Well, do you plan to write a plan for the rest of your degree?*

Flynn:
> Yes.

Patrick: *What platform would you intend this plan to be on?*

Flynn:
> I don't know, probably just chuck it in OneNote or something.

Patrick: *So you know the UQ site, how it's really annoying to get all the information you want?*

Flynn:
`Yeah`.

Patrick: *How would you appreciate something that conglomerated all the information about like prerequisites and like what's the semesters they're available?*

Flynn:
> Very much, that would be very useful.

Patrick: *Is there anything specific you would like to see a part of it?*

Flynn:
> I think having all the prerequisites for each subject would be good, and not making it so you have to open a bajillion tabs in order to look at all the information.

Patrick: *Would you ever consider doing a course without doing the prerequisite?*

Flynn:
> Probably not, because if it's a prerequisite, then it's probably there for a reason, and it would be not very smart.

Patrick: *So do you reckon that in what you've done so far, you've made any mistakes in your course selection?*

Flynn:
> I'm not entirely sure because I was considering swapping. I've already selected certain courses which would make me take another semester if I did. So I don't think I've made any mistakes, but I think that there's a different path I could have gone down.

Patrick: *So you would have seen that path had you had easier access to information, maybe?*

Flynn:
> I think I would have seen that path if I had been bothered to plan a couple months ago, which probably would have been easier if I had an easier time getting information. So yeah. 

Patrick: *That'll be pretty much that for the actual interview. Thank you a lot.*

Flynn:
> Thank you.