*Interview can be found [here](https://uq-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/personal/s4963787_uq_edu_au/Ebq_QXPRSWhAnmlWCu1VsdEBu4FlVVxPAgSDBdbB9GRknQ?e=adqfck)*

Patrick: *Do you have a plan for what courses you're doing in your degree?*

Charlotte:
> Somewhat, yeah. I already have a general idea of what majors and minors I'm planning to study. So there is a general sort of structure I plan to follow, but there's still a lot of room to pick my own courses later.

Patrick: *So do you pick courses right before you enroll or do you have a plan of what courses you're going to do at what time for the ones that you know you're going to do?*

Charlotte:
> Yeah, something like that. 

Patrick: *I gave you two options and you said yes.*

Charlotte:
> Yes.

Patrick: *Anyway, yeah, so you do have a plan, at least?*

Charlotte:
> Mm-hmm.

Patrick: *Where do you keep this plan? Like, is it a piece of paper or a spreadsheet?*

Charlotte:
> It's kind of, like, I've written it down somewhere. But, yeah, most of what I'm planning to do, I've found a lot of the details and course requirements on the UQ studies website or whatever it's called. And that's what I'm mainly using to plan a lot of my future courses. Still not everything, of course, because I still want to have room to pick things closer to the date. Because I never know if I'm going to change anything.

Patrick: *When you're on the UQ sites, did you encounter difficulties in finding all the information you needed?*

Charlotte:
> At first, yes. Especially because the course I'm in, Bachelor of Science, it's probably one of the biggest courses there. There's hundreds of individual courses that you can pick from, and if you don't meet the exact requirements, you cannot apply for the right, major and minor yeah and so learning that last year was quite difficult, but then once i got a hang of how it worked, it made more sense to me. I especially think it didn't help that the course i was using had some major structure changes at the time i was enrolling. So, a lot of my initial plans didn't quite work. Essentially, the Bachelor of Environmental Science used to be its own course, and it wasn't until the end of last year that they merged it into the Bachelor of Science. So instead of picking from the environmental science things, I had to do all of the Bachelor of Science requirements on top of that. 

Patrick: *Is there any specific pieces of information that you think would have been useful to be more readily available to you?*

Charlotte:
> It took a lot of time to understand how the course structure worked at UQ. I definitely think it was different to high school and what I was used to. I actually found the old course structure for environmental science back when it was its own course, and that's what I used to plan out all of my courses for this year because there was a lot of overlap. So I was able to mostly have my original plan work. But I think if there was any information I wished I had, I kind of wish I had a bit more support, understanding how the course structure works. Because learning that by yourself, it's quite different, it's definitely quite a change to high school and what you're initially used to. I think another thing is I had so much choices and I don't think that's something that would apply to everyone, but there was so many individual courses you have to choose from, and I think having a better understanding of the structure and which courses to pick would have helped me a bit. 

Patrick: *Do you feel like you weren't aware of all the options that you had?*

Charlotte:
> I was a bit aware. I think there was too many options. And it was definitely, I found it a bit overwhelming at first. 

Patrick: *How would a site to conglomerate this information and help with planning, how would that make things easier for you?*

Charlotte:
> I think that having some better descriptions of the course overviews and having a better idea of what each course looks into, because I think one of the biggest things is that a lot of the courses seemed similar to me, but it wasn't until I actually started them and I realized that they were quite different to what I was expecting. I think one thing about the website is that kind of just puts all of the courses on like a one page and you, I found it quite difficult to like navigate between all of them and figure out exactly which ones I wanted to do. So I think some form of guidance that would make it a bit easier to like pick individual courses out of that list would definitely help.

Patrick: *Did you have any trouble with prerequisites for courses?*

Charlotte:
> Not quite. I mean, I already did a lot of the things I needed to in high school. Probably my biggest issue with prerequisites was chemistry, which I don't think was a prerequisite in the original environmental science course, but I'm not sure about that exactly. But yeah, I had to do a bridging course last semester, and that was probably the only thing I really struggled with.

Patrick: *Well, that's pretty much it. Thank you for your time. *

Charlotte:
> All good.